Update README (#2)
zeta-chain/.github: profile/README.md

- Check out the introduction to
  [building on ZetaChain](https://www.zetachain.com/docs/developers/overview/)
- Follow tutorials to create your

>   [first omnichain contract](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: https://www.zetachain.com/docs/developers/tutorials/hello/

>   [first omnichain contract](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [first omnichain contract](https://www.zetachain.com/docs/developers/tutorials/hello/)
```

  or

>   [a cross-chain messaging contract](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: Feel free to remove cross-chain messaging as we no longer support connector-based messaging.

### Validate on the Network

- Learn

>   [how to set up a blockchain node](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [how to set up a blockchain node](https://www.zetachain.com/docs/nodes/start-here/setup/)
```

  to become a validator on the testnet
- Explore the network using one of the

>   [supported explorers](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: Using ZetaScan: https://www.zetachain.com/docs/reference/apps/explorers/

>   [supported explorers](UPDATE_LINK)

Reviewer: Using ZetaScan: https://www.zetachain.com/docs/reference/apps/explorers/
